So here we have the chicken breast.
And here we took the wing off
to French this bone
here we have a little bit of the extra
meat on the wing.
And this was the wind tip that we removed.
So there's two bones in this wing
and we'd like to remove the small bone
and keep the big bone.
The way we're going to do
that is by using our French knife
and holding it with our thumb,
our index finger wrapping, our other hand
fingers around with our non cutting hand.
We're going to hold down the wing.
We're going to push the knife
close to the edge as possible
to the heel of the knife.
Put our non cutting
hand on top and push down.
And I'm
going to show you the two bones
right here.
I like to hold that up
and just with my fingers,
I pull or push the meat down.
And you can see that the two bones
that we talked about earlier are exposed.
We have the small bone and the big bone.
The small bone is
the one that we want to take out.
So you want to push down
and then you want to pop it out
and hopefully it comes out
without breaking.
This is a nice, clean bone.
You don't need that anymore.
You can put that for stock here.
I always like to keep my area
nice and clean and organized.
Now, chicken does carry salmonella
in its natural flora.
That's
why when we're going to use any equipment
we like to clean and sanitize it
before we put it away,
and that includes your knives
and your side towels.
So for example, if I took this towel
and I want to clean the bone a little bit
with my towel, I cannot use this towel
to wipe up my kitchen.
I would use another
clean towel.
And this
is what is known as a chicken lollypop.